add steps for adding code-snippets (#752)
TBD54566975/developer.tbd.website: site/src/pages/open-source/contributing.mdx

  />
</a>

## Contributing Code Snippets
If you're working on tutorials or guides of any sort, we have a Code Snippet system that allows us to update the code in one place but also allows it to be runnable and tested.

Here are some steps on how you'd make a Code Snippet:

We have to make updates in 3 places per Code Snippet.

1. The code snippet itself will go in the `code-snippets` directory. We make code snippets based on the page.

So if you're making a code snippet for the `api/web5-js/protocols.md` page, you'd make a file at `api/web5-js/protocols.js` and put the code snippet in there.
If you wanted to make a code snippet specifically for the web5-js index page, you'd name it `index.js`. So the path to the code snippet would be `code-snippets/api/web5-js/index.js`.

** Note: **
Your code snippet should be within a function block. The function block is how we name the code snippet, we only display what's in the body of the function block.

For example:

```js
function codeSnippetFunctionName() {
  // Your code snippet goes here

  const result = Web5.connect();
  
  return result;
}
```

> It's important to make your function name as specific as possible, because it me used to reference the code snippet in the code-snippets.json file. Similar names will overwrite one another.

Author: This would definitely be a better, safer approach!

(We should probably come up with an agreed upon naming convention)

Under the hood, a script will run called `extract-code-snippets` which will add your code snippet to the `code-snippets.json` file. This file is used to reference your code snippet within the `<CodeSnippet />` component.

> 2. The second update you'll make would be on the content page itself. Where you wanted the code snippet to exist at `api/web5-js/protocols.md`, you'd add the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The second update you'll make would be on the content page itself. Add the following snippet where you'd like the code snippet to exist:
```

```jsx
<CodeSnippet functionName="codeSnippetFunctionName" />
```

The CodeSnippet component will look for the function name you provided in the `code-snippets.json` file and render the code snippet. If the name doesn't exist it will display an error instead.

> 3. The 3rd step from here is to write tests for the code snippet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Write tests for the code snippet.
```

Don't wanna include "3rd step" because we'd need to remember to change this if we ever added a step before this one

> Below is a template we can use that will be necessary for nearly every test we write for Web5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example test file
```

Where do the tests go? Need directory and file name

```js
import { test, beforeAll, expect, describe } from 'vitest';
import { Web5 } from '@web5/api/browser';

> // import your functions from your codesnippet file here

Reviewer: should add an example of the import

let web5;
let record;
let myDid;

beforeAll(async () => {
  const result = await Web5.connect();
  web5 = result.web5;
  myDid = result.did;
});

// example of what real tests look like for the protocols.js file
describe('tests for /api/web5-js/dwn/protocols.js', () => {
  test('queryMusicProtocol', async () => {

>     const { protocols, status } = await queryMusicProtocol(web5);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    //this calls the function that returns the code snippet
    const { protocols, status } = await queryMusicProtocol(web5);
```

>     // This will return an empty array, if it fails it will be undefined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // expect.soft() will note any failures if they occur but will continue running the test
```

    expect.soft(protocols).toBeDefined();
    expect(status.code).toBe(200);
  });

  test('configureProtocolWithDefinition', async () => {
    const { protocol, status } = await configureProtocolWithDefinition(
      web5,
      myDid,
      protocolDefinition,
    );

>     // We do 202 for this test because protocols comes back undefined, need to check if this is expected behavior.

Reviewer: remove this from the readme

    expect(status.code).toBe(202);
  });

  test('queryProtocolDescending', async () => {
    const { protocols, status } = await queryProtocolDescending(web5);
    expect.soft(protocols).toBeDefined();
    expect(status.code).toBe(200);
  });
});
```

### Caveats for Code Snippets

- It's crucial that the `return` lines are a single line only. It only hides the return line, but it's still there for testing purposes.

> - Tests won't be high quality depending on what gets returned. In some examples we only return a DID, but not the status code so we'll have to make tests around those types of instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- These tests are only testing the code snippets. There are more thorough tests that actually test the SDK.
```
